Update mgmt guides - Closes #796 (#798)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/references/config.adoc

= Configuration reference
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: This section covers the config object, the default values including a description of each value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: This section covers the config object, the default values, and also a description of each value.
```
